September 2017
Dear Friends
Deuteronomy 28:1 - And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe [and] to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:
Here in South Africa we are welcoming in Spring.  The winter has been quite long and there is still a chill in the air, but here and there we can start to see the spring flowers blooming.  It is an exciting time as we watch the transformation from the cold winter season to a new warm one.
Church News
Even though it has been cold, we have enjoyed good consistent attendance at our Sunday morning services.  In our prior newsletter, we asked you to pray with us for a Youth Sunday School teacher which we thank the Lord has been answered.  We have a group of 6 – 8 young people who have become quite active and faithful in attending our services, Sunday school and youth meetings.  As our youth is showing growth, our desire is now to see more adults come to our Sunday morning Bible study class.
We are still looking for a full-time Pastor at the church and pray that the Lord will send someone who will share in the vision of seeing the local community come to Christ.  In the meantime, we still have Pastor Bennet who is assisting us until this need is met.
Preschool & Day-care
The children are currently preparing for our annual spring concert where they have learned poems, songs and scripture verses to recite to their parents. We thank the Lord that our enrolment has remained consistent, despite the difficult economic pressures that is currently being experienced in South Africa.
Family News
About three weeks ago, my brother who is 73 years old, was attacked while in his home and stabbed 11 times.  After undergoing surgery, he was placed in ICU, where he still is to date.   However, he is starting to showing the same symptoms as Hadessah showed while she was there. These events all happened during the same time that we were remembering the loss of Chris last year.  
Please pray with me for the following:
•	for my brother’s health and his family as they come to terms with the events that have happened
•	for myself, that the Lord will strengthen me during this time
•	for my grandchildren as they are struggling to adapt to the loss of their mom
Once again, thank you for your continued financial and prayer support.  May the Lord bless you as you remain faithful to Him.

Yours because of Calvary
Sheriffa Martin  
