April 2018
Dear Friends,
“Therefore, my dear friends, as you have always obeyed – not only in my presence, but now much more in my absence – continue to work out your salvation with fear and trembling, for it is God who works in you to will and to act in order to fulfill His good purpose.” Philippians 2:12-13
The beginning of the year started off with a bang.  I have been kept quite busy with church organization, activities and the start of the new school year that there were times it felt as if I didn’t know my top from bottom.  
Church News
Aside from celebrating a successful Easter weekend, earlier this month, the church is on the brink of completing a 12-week outreach program that encourages us to ask questions pertaining to what they believe in the Christian context.  The focus of this outreach has been mainly on our church congregation and youth.  The weekly meetings take place on Sunday evenings and I am encouraged by the attendance that has averaged between 20 and 30 regular attendees.  The course also includes a weekend away of which 20 members of the group successfully attended.  The church is trusting the Lord that we will be able to run the course again later in the year and reach even more people in the community
During this time the church has had a person come to know the Lord as personal savior. This person’s mother and sister have been members of our church for some time and have trusted the Lord that their brother/son would change his life.  It is so wonderful to see how the Lord answers prayer!
In our previous letter we also spoke about a young man who gave his life to the Lord.  I am so excited to give feedback that he has been very faithful in attending services and the evangelism program.  He recently lost his job, but we are trusting God that He will make a way for him.  He has also expressed an interest to be baptized which we are trusting the Lord will be very soon.
School News 
The beginning of the preschool and day care school year started quite slow. I started with only 20 children in January!  However, I can truly thank God for how He has sent through the numbers as the months are moving on.  I currently have 65 children enrolled with a continuous stream of interest being shown in the school.   
Please continue to keep the school in your prayers.  The area that the church is in has numerous social ills (drugs, unemployment, single parents – to name a few).  There are many parents that struggle to keep up with the monthly fees (R600pm = $48.20pm).  
Family News
On the family side, my grandson, Joshua, has started Bible School with Word of Life in South Africa.  The toll of his mother and grandfather’s deaths was emotionally devastating for him, which lead him to make a lot of foolish decisions, but I praise the Lord that he has taken a choice to serve Him.
The rest of the family is still active in the church and the youngsters are still busy with school.  Please continue to pray for my son in law as he is still struggling to put his life back together as well as my son – the after effects of death has left a lot of destruction, but I know that “joy comes in the morning”.
Once again, thank you for your continued prayers and financial support.  May God continue to bless you as you have been a blessing to me.

Yours because of Calvary,
Sheriffa Martin
