November 2017
Dear Friends, 
Psalms 100:3 – 5 says, “Know that the LORD Himself is God; It is He who has made us, and not we ourselves; We are His people and the sheep of His pasture.4 Enter His gates with thanksgiving And His courts with praise. Give thanks to Him, bless His name.5 For the LORD is good; His lovingkindness is everlasting And His faithfulness to all generations.”

The year is almost at a close and we can truly rejoice and thank the Lord for bringing us thus far.  It’s amazing how at the beginning of the year we had no clue as to how we would make it, but the Lord remained faithful!

Church News
In previous newsletters I mentioned that we had an Interim Pastor who was assisting us with the running of the church.  Due to his failing health, he has let us know that he will be unable to continue with the preaching.  Fortunately, we have one of our men that will be able to assist but we are trusting that the Lord for a fulltime pastor.

During October, we had the privilege of having 8 young people baptised.  Many of them who were baptised are part of the youth who come to church without the support of their family.  This was an exciting moment for us and their families as they publicly declared their love for the Lord Jesus Christ.  

Preschool & Day care
We are enthusiastically preparing for our Annual Community Christmas program to be held at the end of November.  This is our opportunity for our children to share the story of our Saviours birth and know that Jesus is the reason for the season.  

Soon after the Christmas program we will be preparing for our Pre-schooler’s graduation and then the year will be finished.  We thank the Lord for His faithfulness & protection in this year despite the challenging time many of our school parents faced financially. 

South Africa
Not sure if any of you follow the international news, but South Africa has found itself in some tough times due to lack of political leadership and corruption.  This has had an appalling effect on our country that has an economic growth forecasted at less than 1%.  With rising cost of living and scarcity of jobs many people are facing difficulty in looking forward, in wondering what the future hold.  Please pray with us that we will continue to be a beacon of light in these uncertain times.

Once again I thank you for support (prayers and financial) that you give so unselfishly.  May the Lord continue to bless you as you bless those who labour in His fields.

Yours because of Calvary,
Sheriffa Martin

