September 2017
Dear Friends
Deuteronomy 28:1 - And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to observe [and] to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:
We are welcoming Spring in South Africa.  There is still a chill in the air but the spring flowers are starting to bloom.  It's exciting time as we watch the change from winter season to spring.

Church News
Although our church building can be cold, we enjoyed good consistent attendance at our Sunday morning services.  In our prior newsletter, we asked you to pray with us for a Youth Sunday School teacher which we thank the Lord has been answered.  We have a group of 6 – 8 young people who have become quite active and faithful in attending our services, Sunday school and youth meetings.  our desire now is for more adults come to our Sunday morning Bible study class.
We are still looking for a full-time Pastor at the church. We pray that the Lord will send someone who will share in the vision of seeing the local community come to Christ.  Pastor Bennet is still assisting us in the meantime until this need is met.

Preschool & Daycare
The children are getting ready for our annual spring concert. They are rehearsing the poems, songs and scripture verses they have learned through the year. These will be recited to their parents. We thank the Lord that our enrollment has remained consistent, despite the difficult economic times in South Africa.

Family News
My brother who is 73 years old, was attacked 3 weeks ago while in his home. He was stabbed 11 times.  He is still in the Intensive Care Unit after undergoing emergency surgery. Because of complications and is currently sedated and not able to breath on his own. This is too much of a reminder of our experience of Hadessah. This is all happening during the same time we are remembering the loss of Chris last year.

Please pray with me for the following:
•	for my brother’s health and his family as they are coping with the uncertainty and grief
•	for myself, that the Lord will strengthen me during this time
•	for my grandchildren as they are struggling to adapt to the loss of their mom
Once again, thank you for your continued financial and prayer support.  May the Lord bless you as you remain faithful to Him.

Yours because of Calvary
Sheriffa Martin  
