April 2017Dear Friends, We are working in a community facing many challenges especially related to crime. In prayer meeting last week we spoke about the crime and drug abuse in Klipspruit West and surrounding areas.  Lionel Billings, one of our members, had his car stolen. There were stories of drug abuse by both the old and young people and house burglaries are becoming rampant. During these times, we can become so overwhelmed, but I am reminded of a preacher who said, “The Lord sent us to fish and not to clean the pond.”Church NewsWe give God the praise for answered prayer as a retired pastor and friend of Chris, Pastor Wesley Bennett, has agreed to come and help us until we find a permanent Pastor. Chris and Wesley went to the same Bible School and he is assisting us with the preaching, providing guidance, and counselling our members.Another answer to prayer is our new youth leader. Mark was one of the young men in Hadessah’s youth group. He has been with the church for over 5 years and has really grown. Please keep him in your prayers.Day Care CentreI was so blessed the other day while waiting for the children to go to the playground, a little boy, 4 years old, came to me and said, “Teacher, I love God very much.”  What a blessing to know that our work is not in vain.We have 19 children in our preschool class which I teach.  Of this group, six of the children’s parents are going through a divorce.  It is so overwhelming for the children and we see it in their changed demeanor and their interaction with the other children and staff.  It makes me realize the necessity of what we do at the school and the importance of praying for wisdom.Family NewsI thank you all for your prayers, emails, phone calls and support during this time.  I still struggle at times with the thoughts of why did God call Hadessah and Chris home, but I am starting to accept that if God choose to heal them, it would have been a good thing.  But taking them Home, is also a good thing, even though it is difficult for me.  “Absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.”Hadessah’s husband and children are still struggling to come to terms with her passing, please continue to pray for them.Johan is still with me.  He is planning to go back in the summer to teach.  I am so grateful for his support at the school and home during this time.  He has truly been a blessing.Once again, thank you for your prayers and financial support.  May the love our Lord continue to drive you to do good and honor Him.Trusting you will have a blessed Easter as we remember our Savior’s death, and celebrate His resurrection.Yours because of Calvary, Sheriffa Martin